MTM-44133 related topics for device management (#546)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/device-management-bundle/smartrest-templates.md

    To create a new template, click **Create template** at the top right, provide a name and unique ID and add the required messages or responses as described in the *User guide*."
---

{{< c8y-admon-related >}}

> * [SmartREST 2.0](/reference/smartrest-two/) in the *Reference guide* for more information on SmartREST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [SmartREST 2.0](/reference/smartrest-two/) in the *Reference guide* for details on the SmartREST protocol, the data format used, as well as the anatomy and registration of SmartREST templates.
```
